[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku challenged Majin Buu
to a final showdown.
Drawing on the deepest
reserves of his energy,
the Saiyan hero put on
a titanic display of power.
Watching from the sidelines,
Vegeta finally understood
the true scale
of Goku's greatness.
[VEGETA] Hang in there, Kakarot!
You are number one.
[NARRATOR]
The battle rages on, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU yells]
[BOTH groan]
[groans]
[GOKU chuckles]
--[KID BUU grunting]
--[GOKU yelling]
[yells]
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[GOKU chuckles]
[KID BUU groaning]
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[panting]
[GOKU yells]
[KID BUU]
Ngggh!
[KID BUU screams]
[yells]
[KIBITO KAI] Those are
more than just scratches--
they're going to
destroy our whole world!
Come on! Have perspective!
Their battle affects far more
than just our planet!
Who cares about
that trivial rock
when the universe is at stake?!
[KIBITO KAI] "Trivial rock"?
How can you say that?
Stay strong, Goku.
Keep fighting!
[GOKU panting]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[GOKU yells]
[GOKU groaning]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[panting]
[chuckles]
Wow, Buu.
You're a tough opponent.
Can't underestimate you.
[laughs]
A-ha! A-ha!
[GOKU] If I'd known killing
you would be this hard...
...we would've finished
you off back on Earth
when Vegeta and I
fused into Vegito.
Still, I'll fight until
I've got nothing left.
I can't afford to let you win!
[KID BUU growls]
[KID BUU]
Aaah!
[GOKU groans]
[panting]
[KID BUU whistling]
Damn! Now my attacks
aren't damaging him,
or even slowing him down much.
What in the world's going on?!
[KID BUU]
Ha! Lah-la-la-la!
[yells, grunts]
[GOKU]
Well, how do you like this?!
Whew!
Great. He'll re-form
and come right back at me.
It doesn't matter
how many times I blast him,
this guy isn't losing
any strength at all!
--[VEGETA] Kakarot.
--[GOKU] Huh?
Yeah, what?
You wanna try again already?
Come on, just give me
a little more time.
Ha! You don't have to
patronize me,
we both know that
you have no intention
of letting me fight Buu anymore.
You don't think I'm strong
enough, and for once I agree.
If we fought again,
it'd only end up
with him victorious
and me dead on the ground.
No. Look, I'm not saying that.
Hm. I'm not some
sensitive child--
I can handle the truth.
It only took a moment
of fighting him to see it.
He's stronger than
I could have imagined.
He outclasses me now. So do you.
That's not true.
Don't act like you're struggling
just to protect my ego.
You can finish him off
on your own.
Now that you're Super Saiyan 3,
just charge your energy all the
way and vaporize this monster.
[GOKU] What do think
I've been trying to do?
I just haven't had
a chance to concentrate.
I can't focus my power!
[VEGETA]
Uuh...
It's just so hard
when he keeps coming at me!
I only need a minute!
One minute, that's all!
Wait, seriously?
[GOKU]
Damn.
I think I bit off
more than I could chew.
Trying to be cool like
I could take him on my own!
You're really in trouble?
You're not protecting my ego?
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[GOKU] Look at that showoff.
[GOKU] He re-forms instantly,
then dances around taunting us.
[GOKU growls]
Really pisses me off!
[VEGETA]
One minute, right?
You're positive that's
enough time to build up
the energy you need
to wipe him out?
Yeah. Sixty seconds
should be enough.
[VEGETA]
Fine.
Then I'll make my stand
against him for the next minute.
And while he's occupied,
you power up!
But... Buu will kill you.
[GOKU] You saw what
he can do. This won't work!
It's crazy! You'll die!
I hate to be mean,
but you're not strong enough
to fight him for even that long!
[VEGETA] Face it, Kakarot!
What choice is left?
Can you think of
any other way? Huh?
No. I can't.
[VEGETA] Then stop your whining
and start powering up!
I know I can get you
that one minute.
I'll bet you
my last ounce of pride.
[GOKU chuckles]
All right.
Let's do this, Vegeta.
But remember,
you got into this with a halo
already over your head.
And you know
what happens when the dead
get killed again, right?
You'll disappear.
You'll cease
to exist altogether.
In the living world,
or anywhere else.
Stay alive. You got it?
Ha! Don't worry about me.
Well, let's go.
[VEGETA yelling]
[GOKU yelling]
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[VEGETA yelling]
[VEGETA yelling]
[VEGETA]
Die!
[KID BUU growls]
[VEGETA yells]
Not mocking us now, are you?
Hold on, pal.
We're back to explosions!
Eeeh! Ah! Not again!
[VEGETA grunts]
[laughing]
All right. If Vegeta can
keep him bottled up like that,
then this could work after all.
[VEGETA grunting, laughing]
[VEGETA yelling]
[VEGETA continues]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[VEGETA screams, groans]
[VEGETA groaning]
[KID BUU laughing]
[VEGETA] One minute. Have to
keep him busy, for one minute.
[KID BUU laughing]
[VEGETA yells]
[yells]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[GOKU]
Vegeta!
[KID BUU]
Hm?
[KID BUU chuckles]
[GOKU]
You bastard!
[KID BUU]
Hmm...
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA] Buu! Where do you
think you're going?
[gasps, groans]
No! Vegeta!
Let's go! I'm not...
through with you!
[VEGETA] What are you, scared?
Running away? You coward!
[KID BUU grunts]
Come on,
let's finish this fight!
Aren't you angry?
Where's the destroyer of worlds
who killed my family?!
Huh? Fight me like a man,
you spoiled brat!
[growls]
[VEGETA chuckles]
Hope you like this!
Big Bang... Attack!
[KID BUU chuckles]
What?!
[VEGETA groans]
--[VEGETA groaning]
--[KID BUU grunts]
Just a little longer.
I need more time.
You gotta keep him busy, Vegeta!
[VEGETA yells]
[groaning]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[VEGETA screams]
[KID BUU laughing]
Huh?
[laughing]
[VEGETA]
What are you celebrating?
You haven't won yet!
[KID BUU]
Uuh?
[VEGETA]
You can't stop a Saiyan...
...with attacks
as weak as those!
It's no game for me.
I already died.
I'm all out of retreats.
This is it!
[growls]
I'm not gonna let...
some freak like you...
...be the end of a great prince!
I'm a true warrior!
I am Vegeta!
[KRILLIN]
Vegeta's on a suicide mission!
He's about to be
killed permanently!
Damn! Goku said
he only needed a minute.
Why is it taking him
so long to charge up?
[GOKU]
Why isn't it working?
I've been concentrating
for more than enough time.
But I still don't
have the power I need.
I can't take down Buu!
I need more time!
[VEGETA, KID BUU grunting]
--[KID BUU yells]
--[VEGETA groans]
[laughs]
[groaning]
[laughing]
[groaning, gasping]
[GOKU]
Don't give up, Vegeta!
What have I been doing wrong?
I don't feel stronger at all!
[VEGETA groaning, gasping]
[KID BUU laughing]
--[KID BUU yells]
--[VEGETA hollers]
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[VEGETA groaning]
--[VEGETA screams]
--[GOKU] Vegeta!
[VEGETA screaming]
[gasping]
[KID BUU laughing]
[screaming]
[VEGETA groaning]
[yells]
[chuckles]
[VEGETA yelling]
[groans]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[VEGETA yelling]
[ELDER KAI] Hey! Where do you
think you're going?
[KIBITO KAI] How can it not be
obvious after watching all that?
I'm going to help the Saiyans.
No! You'll get killed too!
I know there's far too big
of a power difference
between Majin Buu and myself
for any battle we have
to last for very long.
But I'm still strong enough
that I should be able
to buy Goku and Vegeta
at least a little bit of time.
At this stage,
every moment counts.
Giving Goku just one more second
could make all the difference
in successfully
building up his energy.
This is the end game now.
And Goku's the only hope
for victory we have left.
[ELDER KAI]
Don't be rash!
[DENDE]
I'm going with you.
[ELDER KAI]
Eh, not you, too!
I know I'm nowhere close
to being a warrior,
but I do have some powers,
and if there's a chance
I can help, I have to try!
[ELDER KAI]
Mm? Mm.
[KIBITO KAI]
Are you sure?
[DENDE]
Reality itself is in peril!
I can't just sit around
twiddling my thumbs
and hoping it all works out.
Thanks, Dende.
Well, time to go!
Right!
Hey, now wait a minute!
[ELDER KAI breathes heavily]
You're not thinking
this through at all!
If going back there
had any chance of helping them,
don't you think I would have
sent you a long time ago?
You're a Supreme Kai
for goodness sake--
you've got to have
more wisdom than this!
It's obvious our presence
can't affect the outcome
in any positive
or meaningful way!
Yes, I know your frustration.
But trust me, we cannot
help them by going there!
All we can do is
believe in Goku's powers.
And watch for an opportunity
if it does arise.
From what I've seen
of those Saiyans,
they're sure to come up
with something.
When they do, we'll be ready.
--[VEGETA yelling]
--[KID BUU laughing]
[laughing]
[groaning]
[VEGETA yells]
[chuckles]
Vegeta!
[VEGETA]
No! Stay there!
[VEGETA groans]
[panting]
Don't you dare come down! Fool!
What's the point of this
if you're going to
abandon the plan
the moment it gets tough?!
[groans, coughs]
Stop wasting time!
Finish your charging!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA groaning]
[KID BUU yelling]
[laughing]
[VEGETA gasps]
Oh, crap! I don't care
how strong Vegeta is,
if Buu hits him with that
ball of energy, he's dead!
[VEGETA groans]
[KID BUU laughing]
I can't watch any more of this!
[MR. SATAN]
Buu!
[KID BUU]
Huh?
Well, well, well.
I sit back for a short rest
and you go cuckoo crazy!
Don't tell me you really thought
the mighty
world champion Mr. Satan
would tolerate Majin Buu
destroying Earth
and then the
very universe itself!
[grunting]
[yells]
[chuckles]
You'll regret
messing around with Earth
and its world champion.
It won't be pretty!
If you only knew
the punishment I'm about
to bring down on you
so hard, pink stuff.
[GOKU grunts]
What the hell's he doing?
He can't help us-- he should've
stayed under his rock!
[VEGETA groans]
[MR. SATAN]
Hm!
[KID BUU]
Hmmm.
[MR. SATAN]
Look at 'im! He doesn't wanna
tango with the champ.
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
[babbles]
[MR. SATAN] Look at this!
You want some of this?
[KID BUU growls]
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
What's the matter, Buu?
Don't you wanna prove
your mettle against the best?
Take a shot at the champ!
Oh, I see how it is.
You're scared of Mr. Satan.
Majin chicken!
[MR. SATAN]
I nailed it. Stuck the landing.
Totally kickin' ass!
It's just too bad my fans aren't
here and this is all a dream.
[NARRATOR]
A new challenger has jumped in
to face Majin Buu,
and that man is...
Let's do this!
[KID BUU yells]
[NARRATOR]
...Mr. Satan?
This man tries
to save the universe!
Next, Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Despite all the time
Vegeta bought for me,
I still haven't
built up any energy.
And now that
Mr. Satan's fighting,
the old fat Buu has appeared!
Didn't see that coming!
[VEGETA] How long are you gonna
keep us waiting, Kakarot?!
This has been the longest
minute in history!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] What?! Dad's powered
down all the way?